Dear {first_name},

I hope you are doing well. On behalf of the BICA 2025 Organizing Committee, it is my great pleasure to invite* you to take part in the 2025 Annual International Conference on Biologically Inspired Cognitive Architectures, the 16th Annual Meeting of the BICA Society (BICA 2025). Event details:
- August 6–10, 2025,
- CUCOSTA Campus, University of Guadalajara, Puerto Vallarta, Mexico,
- Hybrid format (in-person and virtual).

Annual BICA Conference (2010-2025, ranked B4 in Qualis) brings together researchers, engineers and practitioners from diverse disciplines to discuss advances in the development of Biologically Inspired Cognitive Architectures and related fields with the focus on AI, LLM, ITS, multimodal HCI, XR, cognitive robotics, emotions, computational creativity and consciousness. The conference provides a platform for establishing interdisciplinary collaborations in solving challenges like a digital replication of the human mind (the BICA Challenge) and is open to many other ideas and research directions.

BICA is famous for its friendly, informal atmosphere of excitement and opportunity, supported by a fabulous social program (offered to registered participants for a merely symbolic optional fee). This year’s adventures will include whale watching and a sunset mystical performance on the beach with dance and acrobatics (dinner included).

Accepted papers will be published in Studies in Computational Intelligence (Springer, Scopus) or in Cognitive Systems Research (Elsevier, Q2 in WoS and Scopus).
On-site participation is not required.
Submission deadline is July 30, 2025.

For more information, please visit the official conference website: https://bicaai.org/
or go directly to EasyChair to submit your talk abstract or a paper: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=bica2025

I am looking forward to seeing you at BICA 2025, physically or virtually!

Yours,

Michael

==
*P.S. Our only concern is to balance the budget of the conference by asking for a fair contribution to each participant. Therefore, at this time we cannot promise you a registration fee waiver or travel support. This situation may change. Nonetheless, this is indeed an invitation for a paper and/or talk contribution.